docs/index.rst, before:

RandomFields
====
Python package to generate random fields in 2D or 3D on unstructured grids.


User guide
==========

Background information
......................
The random fields are generated using [gstools](https://geostat-framework.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Currently, the following covariance models are available:
- Gaussian
- Exponential
- Matern
- Linear


RandomFields Installation
.................
To install RandomFields you need to install the following items:

* :ref:`python_stem`

Tutorials
.........

* :ref:`tutorial1`

* :ref:`tutorial2`

* :ref:`tutorial3`

Theory
......

under :ref:`theory`

How to contribute
=================
If you want contribute to RandomFields please follow the steps defined in :doc:`contributions`.


STEM team
=========
STEM is a research programme that results from a collaboration between the following partners:

* `ProRail <https://www.prorail.nl>`_
* `Deltares <https://www.deltares.nl>`_
* `TNO <https://www.tno.nl>`_
* `TU Delft <https://www.tudelft.nl>`_

The :doc:`authors`.

Package documentation
=====================

The :doc:`randomfields` documentation.

Commit message:

Extension of tutorial to 3D conditioned random fields
Changes committed:
	new file:   _static/conditioned_random_field_3D.png
	new file:   _static/kriging_mean_2D.png
	new file:   _static/kriging_mean_3D.png
	new file:   _static/kriging_std_2D.png
	new file:   _static/kriging_std_3D.png
	new file:   _static/random_field_4.png
	new file:   _static/random_field_5.png
	modified:   index.rst
	modified:   tutorials.rst
	modified:   ../random_fields/utils.py

docs/index.rst, after:

RandomFields
====
Python package to generate random fields in 2D or 3D on unstructured grids.


User guide
==========

Background information
......................
The random fields are generated using [gstools](https://geostat-framework.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Currently, the following covariance models are available:

* Gaussian
* Exponential
* Matern
* Linear (not for conditioned random fields)

Additional functoinalities are used to generate conditioned random fields. See :doc:`theory` for details.


Tutorials
.........

* :ref:`tutorial1`
    1D unconditioned and conditioned random field generation.

* :ref:`tutorial2`
    2D and 3D unconditioned and conditioned random field simulation

* :ref:`tutorial3`
    Non-normal Gaussian fields and conditioning based on CPT data

How to contribute
=================
If you want to contribute to RandomFields please follow the steps defined in :doc:`contributions`.


STEM team
=========
STEM is a research programme that results from a collaboration between the following partners:

* `ProRail <https://www.prorail.nl>`_
* `Deltares <https://www.deltares.nl>`_
* `TNO <https://www.tno.nl>`_
* `TU Delft <https://www.tudelft.nl>`_

The :doc:`authors`.

Package documentation
=====================

The :doc:`random_fields` documentation.
